be specific on calling compilecache (#35440)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/modules.md

The incremental precompiled module file are created and used automatically when using `import`
or `using` to load a module.  This will cause it to be automatically compiled the first time

> it is imported. Alternatively, you can manually call [`Base.compilecache(Base.PkgId("modulename"))`](@ref). The resulting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it is imported. Alternatively, you can manually call [`Base.compilecache(Base.identify_package("modulename"))`](@ref). The resulting
```
